Started by user [8mha:////4KFShIluNpntRkGwEztqjcAKT7fE8GUEH9Fsuk7XEYjJAAAAmx+LCAAAAAAAAP9b85aBtbiIQTGjNKU4P08vOT+vOD8nVc83PyU1x6OyILUoJzMv2y+/JJUBAhiZGBgqihhk0NSjKDWzXb3RdlLBUSYGJk8GtpzUvPSSDB8G5tKinBIGIZ+sxLJE/ZzEvHT94JKizLx0a6BxUmjGOUNodHsLgAzmEgZ+/dLi1CL91MT0pMTKxLxMADEm21TEAAAA[0mEli
Running as SYSTEM
Building in workspace /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/01 Scheduled Scripts/Generate PRM and REP records/Step 4 - Zip reports
[Step 4 - Zip reports] $ /bin/sh -xe /tmp/jenkins5621625809124270236.sh
+ cd /u/scripts/eol_php_code/applications/content_server/resources/
++ date +%Y-%m-%d
+ zip PRM_REP_reports_2020-08-05.zip taxon_summary_resource.txt parent_taxon_summary_resource.txt parent_basal_values_resource.txt lifeStage_statMeth_resource.txt basal_values_resource.txt taxon_summary.tar.gz parent_taxon_summary.tar.gz parent_basal_values.tar.gz basal_values.tar.gz
  adding: taxon_summary_resource.txt (deflated 89%)
  adding: parent_taxon_summary_resource.txt (deflated 89%)
  adding: parent_basal_values_resource.txt (deflated 89%)
  adding: lifeStage_statMeth_resource.txt (deflated 93%)
  adding: basal_values_resource.txt (deflated 90%)
  adding: taxon_summary.tar.gz (deflated 1%)
  adding: parent_taxon_summary.tar.gz (deflated 0%)
  adding: parent_basal_values.tar.gz (deflated 0%)
  adding: basal_values.tar.gz (deflated 0%)
+ zip basal_values_resource.txt.zip basal_values_resource.txt
updating: basal_values_resource.txt (deflated 90%)
+ zip parent_basal_values_resource.txt.zip parent_basal_values_resource.txt
updating: parent_basal_values_resource.txt (deflated 89%)
+ zip taxon_summary_resource.txt.zip taxon_summary_resource.txt
updating: taxon_summary_resource.txt (deflated 89%)
+ zip parent_taxon_summary_resource.txt.zip parent_taxon_summary_resource.txt
updating: parent_taxon_summary_resource.txt (deflated 89%)
+ zip Numerical_value.zip lifeStage_statMeth_resource.txt
updating: lifeStage_statMeth_resource.txt (deflated 93%)
+ sshpass -f /home/eagbayani/.pwd_file scp basal_values.tar.gz eagbayani@eol-archive:/extra/other_files/SDR/.

"WARNING"

You are accessing a Smithsonian Institution computer system which is 
operated as a U.S. Government information system., Unauthorized 
access, use, or modification of this system or of data contained 
herein, or in transit to/from this system, may constitute a violation 
of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act section 1030 (18 on the U.S. 
Code)., Violators are subject to criminal and civil penalties., While 
using Smithsonian computers and networks, you should have no 
expectation of privacy. 

System usage may be monitored, recorded and subject to audit. Use of 
this system indicates consent to monitoring and recording., All 
computer users must read and understand Smithsonian Directive 931, Use 
of Computers, Telecommunications Devices and Networks, acknowledge 
acceptance of the User Agreement, and annually complete on-line 
computer security awareness training., Any violation of these policies 
or a suspected computer security incident should be promptly reported 
to the Smithsonian: OCIO Help Desk: OCIOHelp@si.edu 202-633-4000.

+ sshpass -f /home/eagbayani/.pwd_file scp parent_basal_values.tar.gz eagbayani@eol-archive:/extra/other_files/SDR/.

"WARNING"

You are accessing a Smithsonian Institution computer system which is 
operated as a U.S. Government information system., Unauthorized 
access, use, or modification of this system or of data contained 
herein, or in transit to/from this system, may constitute a violation 
of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act section 1030 (18 on the U.S. 
Code)., Violators are subject to criminal and civil penalties., While 
using Smithsonian computers and networks, you should have no 
expectation of privacy. 

System usage may be monitored, recorded and subject to audit. Use of 
this system indicates consent to monitoring and recording., All 
computer users must read and understand Smithsonian Directive 931, Use 
of Computers, Telecommunications Devices and Networks, acknowledge 
acceptance of the User Agreement, and annually complete on-line 
computer security awareness training., Any violation of these policies 
or a suspected computer security incident should be promptly reported 
to the Smithsonian: OCIO Help Desk: OCIOHelp@si.edu 202-633-4000.

+ sshpass -f /home/eagbayani/.pwd_file scp basal_values_resource.txt.zip eagbayani@eol-archive:/extra/other_files/SDR/.

"WARNING"

You are accessing a Smithsonian Institution computer system which is 
operated as a U.S. Government information system., Unauthorized 
access, use, or modification of this system or of data contained 
herein, or in transit to/from this system, may constitute a violation 
of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act section 1030 (18 on the U.S. 
Code)., Violators are subject to criminal and civil penalties., While 
using Smithsonian computers and networks, you should have no 
expectation of privacy. 

System usage may be monitored, recorded and subject to audit. Use of 
this system indicates consent to monitoring and recording., All 
computer users must read and understand Smithsonian Directive 931, Use 
of Computers, Telecommunications Devices and Networks, acknowledge 
acceptance of the User Agreement, and annually complete on-line 
computer security awareness training., Any violation of these policies 
or a suspected computer security incident should be promptly reported 
to the Smithsonian: OCIO Help Desk: OCIOHelp@si.edu 202-633-4000.

+ sshpass -f /home/eagbayani/.pwd_file scp parent_basal_values_resource.txt.zip eagbayani@eol-archive:/extra/other_files/SDR/.

"WARNING"

You are accessing a Smithsonian Institution computer system which is 
operated as a U.S. Government information system., Unauthorized 
access, use, or modification of this system or of data contained 
herein, or in transit to/from this system, may constitute a violation 
of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act section 1030 (18 on the U.S. 
Code)., Violators are subject to criminal and civil penalties., While 
using Smithsonian computers and networks, you should have no 
expectation of privacy. 

System usage may be monitored, recorded and subject to audit. Use of 
this system indicates consent to monitoring and recording., All 
computer users must read and understand Smithsonian Directive 931, Use 
of Computers, Telecommunications Devices and Networks, acknowledge 
acceptance of the User Agreement, and annually complete on-line 
computer security awareness training., Any violation of these policies 
or a suspected computer security incident should be promptly reported 
to the Smithsonian: OCIO Help Desk: OCIOHelp@si.edu 202-633-4000.

+ sshpass -f /home/eagbayani/.pwd_file scp taxon_summary.tar.gz eagbayani@eol-archive:/extra/other_files/SDR/.

"WARNING"

You are accessing a Smithsonian Institution computer system which is 
operated as a U.S. Government information system., Unauthorized 
access, use, or modification of this system or of data contained 
herein, or in transit to/from this system, may constitute a violation 
of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act section 1030 (18 on the U.S. 
Code)., Violators are subject to criminal and civil penalties., While 
using Smithsonian computers and networks, you should have no 
expectation of privacy. 

System usage may be monitored, recorded and subject to audit. Use of 
this system indicates consent to monitoring and recording., All 
computer users must read and understand Smithsonian Directive 931, Use 
of Computers, Telecommunications Devices and Networks, acknowledge 
acceptance of the User Agreement, and annually complete on-line 
computer security awareness training., Any violation of these policies 
or a suspected computer security incident should be promptly reported 
to the Smithsonian: OCIO Help Desk: OCIOHelp@si.edu 202-633-4000.

+ sshpass -f /home/eagbayani/.pwd_file scp parent_taxon_summary.tar.gz eagbayani@eol-archive:/extra/other_files/SDR/.

"WARNING"

You are accessing a Smithsonian Institution computer system which is 
operated as a U.S. Government information system., Unauthorized 
access, use, or modification of this system or of data contained 
herein, or in transit to/from this system, may constitute a violation 
of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act section 1030 (18 on the U.S. 
Code)., Violators are subject to criminal and civil penalties., While 
using Smithsonian computers and networks, you should have no 
expectation of privacy. 

System usage may be monitored, recorded and subject to audit. Use of 
this system indicates consent to monitoring and recording., All 
computer users must read and understand Smithsonian Directive 931, Use 
of Computers, Telecommunications Devices and Networks, acknowledge 
acceptance of the User Agreement, and annually complete on-line 
computer security awareness training., Any violation of these policies 
or a suspected computer security incident should be promptly reported 
to the Smithsonian: OCIO Help Desk: OCIOHelp@si.edu 202-633-4000.

+ sshpass -f /home/eagbayani/.pwd_file scp taxon_summary_resource.txt.zip eagbayani@eol-archive:/extra/other_files/SDR/.

"WARNING"

You are accessing a Smithsonian Institution computer system which is 
operated as a U.S. Government information system., Unauthorized 
access, use, or modification of this system or of data contained 
herein, or in transit to/from this system, may constitute a violation 
of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act section 1030 (18 on the U.S. 
Code)., Violators are subject to criminal and civil penalties., While 
using Smithsonian computers and networks, you should have no 
expectation of privacy. 

System usage may be monitored, recorded and subject to audit. Use of 
this system indicates consent to monitoring and recording., All 
computer users must read and understand Smithsonian Directive 931, Use 
of Computers, Telecommunications Devices and Networks, acknowledge 
acceptance of the User Agreement, and annually complete on-line 
computer security awareness training., Any violation of these policies 
or a suspected computer security incident should be promptly reported 
to the Smithsonian: OCIO Help Desk: OCIOHelp@si.edu 202-633-4000.

+ sshpass -f /home/eagbayani/.pwd_file scp parent_taxon_summary_resource.txt.zip eagbayani@eol-archive:/extra/other_files/SDR/.

"WARNING"

You are accessing a Smithsonian Institution computer system which is 
operated as a U.S. Government information system., Unauthorized 
access, use, or modification of this system or of data contained 
herein, or in transit to/from this system, may constitute a violation 
of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act section 1030 (18 on the U.S. 
Code)., Violators are subject to criminal and civil penalties., While 
using Smithsonian computers and networks, you should have no 
expectation of privacy. 

System usage may be monitored, recorded and subject to audit. Use of 
this system indicates consent to monitoring and recording., All 
computer users must read and understand Smithsonian Directive 931, Use 
of Computers, Telecommunications Devices and Networks, acknowledge 
acceptance of the User Agreement, and annually complete on-line 
computer security awareness training., Any violation of these policies 
or a suspected computer security incident should be promptly reported 
to the Smithsonian: OCIO Help Desk: OCIOHelp@si.edu 202-633-4000.

+ sshpass -f /home/eagbayani/.pwd_file scp Numerical_value.zip eagbayani@eol-archive:/extra/other_files/SDR/.

"WARNING"

You are accessing a Smithsonian Institution computer system which is 
operated as a U.S. Government information system., Unauthorized 
access, use, or modification of this system or of data contained 
herein, or in transit to/from this system, may constitute a violation 
of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act section 1030 (18 on the U.S. 
Code)., Violators are subject to criminal and civil penalties., While 
using Smithsonian computers and networks, you should have no 
expectation of privacy. 

System usage may be monitored, recorded and subject to audit. Use of 
this system indicates consent to monitoring and recording., All 
computer users must read and understand Smithsonian Directive 931, Use 
of Computers, Telecommunications Devices and Networks, acknowledge 
acceptance of the User Agreement, and annually complete on-line 
computer security awareness training., Any violation of these policies 
or a suspected computer security incident should be promptly reported 
to the Smithsonian: OCIO Help Desk: OCIOHelp@si.edu 202-633-4000.

Finished: SUCCESS
